Feature/webportal (#105)
crazyantlabs/sftptogo-docs: docs/how-to-customize-my-service/custom-web-portal.md

---
sidebar_label: 'Branding your web portal'
title: 'Branding your web portal'
sidebar_position: 15
---
The web portal provides secure access and file management for you and your users via the web. To enable and customize your web portal, navigate to your organization's settings tab and follow [these instructions](../getting-started/organization-settings#web-portal).

:::note

> Using custom SSL certificates for FTPS connections is only available with certain plans. Read more about our different plans [here](https://sftptogo.com/pricing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom branding is only available with certain plans. Read more about our different plans [here](https://sftptogo.com/pricing)
```
